Super sanitized DB building at Circle (#9)
massgov/openmass: README.md

    ```bash
    sudo wget -q https://github.com/devinci-code/ahoy/releases/download/2.0.0/ahoy-bin-darwin-amd64 -O /usr/local/bin/ahoy && sudo chown $USER /usr/local/bin/ahoy && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/ahoy
    ```

> 1. Run `ahoy up` to start the Docker containers (n.b. takes about 1 hour to pull down the latest database). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `ahoy up` to start the Docker containers (n.b. takes a few minutes to have the database container start up). 
```
